Small docs adjustments (#440)
xataio/client-ts: packages/client/Usage.md

- `XataRecord`: a row in a table.
- `Page`: a collection of records that can be paginated.

Let's explore them below.

## Table of Contents

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->

- [Query](#query)
  - [Column selection](#column-selection)
  - [Sorting](#sorting)
  - [Filtering](#filtering)
  - [Combining queries](#combining-queries)
- [Repository](#repository)
  - [Reading records](#reading-records)
  - [Creating records](#creating-records)
  - [Updating records](#updating-records)
  - [Deleting records](#deleting-records)
  - [Searching records](#searching-records)
- [Page](#page)
  - [Iterators and generators](#iterators-and-generators)
  - [Helper variables](#helper-variables)
- [XataRecord](#xatarecord)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## Query

To get a collection of records, you can use the `Query` object. It provides the following methods:

- `getFirst()`: returns the first record in the query results.
- `getPaginated()`: returns a page of records in the query results.

> - `getAll()`: returns all the records in the query results.

Reviewer: Not discussing the method name here, but there's a threshold for the `getAll` method.

Though conflicting with the method's name, I think it's best to be explicit about it in the docs to avoid confusion and issues for consumers.

```suggestion
- `getAll()`: returns the first 200 records in the query results.
```

Author: This is actually a really good point to address. I thought get all actually does get all, by getting 200 and then appending the next 200 and the next and the next until all records are available. 

I haven’t yet looked into the implementation so I’m not sure if that happens or if it gets only 200, so thanks! Now I can go dive into the implementation and find out!

Reviewer 2: That's not what happens 😅

`getAll` gets all the records as I wrote down. There's currently no method that returns 200 also. `getMany` returns 20 which is the default pagination size. And even in that case I wouldn't write the number in the docs, as there's a point of the helper variables that keep track of these "hardcoded" values.
